sure all the best plan to reach to do be able to reach you if your family
has an emergency is us one through of the whatever hospital or clinic
that there at tell them make sure that your family tales the service
providers that the doctors that Hey I have a service member who
is the say the patience mom dad brother sister and they're currently
out to sea and give them the vessel name and typical do basically
the the duty station where they're they're they're leaving from say
the USS you know whatever out of San Diego California and this part
a given your name and they'll be able to reach you through the ray
of red cross message if they aren't they can't reach you that way they
can probably email you which in my opinion I don't think that's
the best method but reach out the red cross and the red cross message
will reach the the commanding officer and you'll be notified that
way and you'll be able to between you and the command you'll be able
to make arrangements for you to develop some kind of a plan for you
to possibly get home if you need to